replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/march-2023.md

### Added

> - For organizations with role-based access control (RBAC) enabled, members are now able to [log in through the CLI](/semgrep-appsec-platform/user-management/#member-scoped-access-tokens) and send findings data from their local machine to the Semgrep Cloud Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
- For organizations with role-based access control (RBAC) enabled, members are now able to [log in through the CLI](/deployment/teams#member-scoped-access-tokens) and send findings data from their local machine to the Semgrep Cloud Platform.
```
